nothing
m
very good of all here we have a
again another leo we have this if it comes
of drawings of the exhibition antonio
camps on the white
it's a game for this stretch I eat
that from behind and little by little
entering its area of camps and itself
that is not understood as the dowries
Camper could not detect him because
is your area is your habitat by case is that
this character seemed to have fun
a lot of looking all the time wrong
televen
well, it seemed like he had a lot of fun
being there behind a bar of a
bar looking to one side and the other and good
it was knicks was behind him
giants and he was still there because the trolley
orders to continue there
the truth is that at that moment I could
have sent a message and have
said back that would have been very good
but good a kid was still
without finding out about anything and still fighting
happily I was going to take that
campear happiness joy that you
I entered the body of my one to remove
that joy please is not bad
person the oil goes simply and not
She warned him nothing and the lad will continue to
final it seems that it moved and a strange
presence a small presence put it
migoya
the thing that I will allow you the luxury of
kill one who is ahead equal
then already the other one found out something of
something if something normal small thing that
had behind the before a machine the
time then he had to kill him
I hope you like this other finger
truth is that it's a pretty tournament
long up is pretty good and good
if you do it like better than better
comment if you want and a favorite
neither between bad and good to subscribe already
it already happened to ask for golden tongue we
we see in the next video until another